but we
well I wanted to talk a little about the
laugh what we do is a
little to make them laugh and like
studying the subject of laughter you saw how
that everyone has a laugh each
have a different laugh
Some friend you recognize him by laughter that
look is Pablo is not a motorcycle not like
it may be not like stress jumped a
from those weird laughs there are real laughs that
I do not know where this comes from a friend
time he laughs dude, dude, the dog of tender
and a view that I do not know where that comes from
laugh not like the human evolved to that
black as the guy started to revill himself
do not
you're good
do not relax with the show do it
another joke they took duran we have fun
that never goes back to the tongue what
you know
there is a very rare piece also that in
an electric shock type laugh not like
that the guy laughs of an all together you saw
nine types do not pay fees paid in
cash
and suddenly
you need the hotel charge the cell phone
made vomit
and less to the party lomas zamora for a
dream
it's amazing that irrisari samurai a
very funny laugh that my uncle uncle has
which is I think it's a problem it's not
the snoring laughter not as a problem of
larynx is not like doing what
live stuck is not
miss that laugh
that laugh how is that
and so
At Christmas I spend a lot of vitel toné and
not that
how to sleep
the live is a dish at night
It's very strange that I do not give a hand
because it makes you laugh where you should not laugh
that sight laugh that is tremendous is
dangerous is tremendous like a cat that
wants to leave your stomach now a
alien who wants to live there spent the
night
in a consortium meeting with a
old tells you about the black stocking with a
blue toupee that goes by god I'm going to
burst and you have to pass the house of
civic education the guy was a Nazi
bad guy and I'm not going to a
fly and back tell me the teacher is
it looks like anamá ferreira
and there you have to compress not with something
have the teacher's joke there is no
hollow is different
to navas
thank you very much
if we are in signs of humor and we are
premiering we are premiering the show on
December 15 the picasso room 66 years
success of the passage of the square is
shown the apology of laughter 12 and
average of the night of Saturday 15 of
december we loved gabriel on twitter
and facebook